Update to be more specific about GitHub SAML provisioning capabilities (#32534)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/saas-apps/github-provisioning-tutorial.md

---
# Tutorial: Configure GitHub for automatic user provisioning

> The objective of this tutorial is to show you the steps required to automatically provision and de-provision organization membership of user accounts from Azure AD to GitHub.

Reviewer: not sure if organization membership of is needed / grammatically correct. 

changing you need to required is fine. removing the perform section is fine.

> The objective of this tutorial is to show you the steps you need to perform in GitHub and Azure AD to automatically provision and de-provision organization membership of user accounts from Azure AD to GitHub.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The objective of this tutorial is to show you the steps required to automatically provision and de-provision organization membership of user accounts from Azure AD to GitHub.
```

> The objective of this tutorial is to show you the steps you need to perform in GitHub and Azure AD to automatically provision and de-provision GitHub organization membership of user accounts from Azure AD to GitHub.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The objective of this tutorial is to show you the steps required to automatically provision and de-provision organization membership of user accounts from Azure AD to GitHub.
```

## Configuring user provisioning to GitHub

> This section guides you through connecting your Azure AD to GitHub's user account provisioning API, and configuring the provisioning service to invite existing GitHub users, update provisioning information, and remove assigned users from your GitHub organization based on user and group assignment in Azure AD.

Reviewer: the remove statement is correct. We usually don't use the term update provisioning information. Would prefer to say update user account information. Can you clarify why you're not able to create users? the service should be able to create users, not just invite existing users.

> [!TIP]

> > You may also choose to enable SAML-based Single Sign-On for GitHub, following the instructions provided in [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com). Single sign-on can be configured independently of automatic provisioning, though these two features compliment each other.

Reviewer: thanks for the change. should be enable instead of enabled.
